i am virginie brian,
I studied business administration at the Apps
and I am a partner at the Lord Consulting.
so after my studies
uh at the apps uh I went to BMW in the
Marketing and was there 8 years scarce in various
Functions and then have me uh
decided to make myself and have uh
then my
Agency andkommunikationsberatung established
and had 14 years my own company and uh
have then decided me again one
another step to go to theUnternehmensberatung.
came to the people last year.
I am a partner and manage 1 area,
which is
Creative Consulting calls.
Creative Consulting is
the interface between strategy,
Technology and creativity,
Communication.
in this area we do brand issues,
kommunikationsthemen
and accompany the
major transformations of our customers.
to what extent I 1.
I am not able to say that I am a role model.
in part I get very nice and open feedback,
also from younger colleagues um.
in the respect,
what I like to live out is that you can have both.
actually yes
and that one actually as a woman simply courageously
must be enough,
to also trust himself with various roles.
so I love both roles,
I do not want to miss either one or the other
and if I have 1.
Can be a role model for others,
I like to be.